Hello Sir, Good Morning - Good afternoon - Good evening
Thank you for giving me an oppuritunity to introduse myself 
My name is sandeep bhagat. 
I am from Ranchi Jharkhand india. 
I have 6+ years of experience in cyber security domain
I am specilized in Security Operation Center, Threat detection and Incident response for both IT and OT security. 
I am working with E&Y Global delivery services as Senior security consultant. 
As a senior security consultant with 6+ years of experience I was responsible for 
     1. Round the clock monitoring security events and unusual network activities for both (Informational technology) and (Operational technology) and cloud technology and to achive this 
        I was laveraging multiple tools and technology like:
        Security Information and Event Management (SIEM): Splunk, Micorosoft sentinal, Swimlane (SOAR), Netwitness that we was using for data packet analysis
        Operational Technology(OT): Nozomi
        Cloud Technology: AWS, AZURE and Microsoft. 
     2.  After analyzing the alerts either we conclude true positive or False positive. If we conclude true positive we collect all the indicator of compromises and initiate 
        incident response protocol to mittigate the security threat if we conclude false positive we identify the root cause of that, and participate in the fine tunning process for better alerting.
     3. I have also idetify the critical usecase for which alerting should be enabled and desgin and developed the Standered Operational document(SOP) that include 
        triaging the alert, investigating the alert, remidiating the security vulerability.
     4. I have also participated and Lead the war room, addressed high fidelity alerts and provided solution for escalated incidnets point raised by L1 engineers. 
        conducted both static and dynamic malware analysis. 
     5. Desgin and implimented splunk dashboard for the security analyst to effectivaly track and optimize productivity matrix and alert volume (how many alert are in Q for each analyst )
Thats all about my work profile, I love to capture movments and learning new technology. 


Would you like to know more about the tools and technology that I have experience in past 6 six years in details. 
